so you want to be a Tik Tok Creator it's
awesome there is something great about
turning your passion into a full-time
income as a content creator and Tik Tok
is by far the fastest way to do it but
it's also really easy to get stuck in
that 200 vjl so let me tell you about
what I would do if I was starting on Tik
Tok I'm going to share five strategies
with you and I'm going to make them
super simple and easy and quick so that
way when you're done watching this video
you can go and start implementing them
immediately and they all tie into each
other but the last one is really
important so make sure you watch Until
the End let's start with number one you
need to use the correct settings so Tik
Tok knows who to show your content to
before you ever start posting this is
one of the things that I screwed up when
I was first starting out I didn't get
very many views and I definitely wasn't
getting many followers because I didn't
set things up correctly from the start I
wasn't doing the stuff I'm about to show
you to optimize your account and so My
Views just weren't that big but with my
main account when I started it and did
everything correctly from the beginning
I started getting views right away I
think one of my early videos like one of
my first half dozen videos had over
10,000 views and I was getting followers
immediately I was growing pretty quickly
and big part of that was because I had
the correct settings right from the
start I was making sure that I had
everything turned off so none of my
content was getting recommended to
anyone on my contact list it wasn't
being shown to my friends or my family
or anything like that which is important
because your friends your family they
don't care about the topic of your
videos we don't want our content to be
shown to them because they are not our
ideal audience and although they may
love us and support us they aren't going
to watch our videos the whole way
through and it's going to hurt our views
we only want the algorithm to know the
information that we give it so it shows
our videos to the right people that will
watch those videos videos so we can get
those bigger views and have a chance to
go viral so the first thing we're going
to do is go up to this little hamburger
menu in the top right and we're going to
click on settings and privacy and we are
going to go down to privacy and what we
want to do here first off we don't want
to make it a private account we want it
public we want to be able to get
discovered so we're going to leave that
unchecked like it is showing here and
then we're going to go down to suggest
your content to others and what we want
to do is just turn off every single one
of these we don't want our stuff being
shown to the contacts in our phone we
don't want our content being shown to
those Facebook friends just turn it all
off that way the algorithm has to do the
work like they don't get to be lazy and
show it to people we already know they
have to go out and find the people that
are interested in the topic of the
videos that we are creating once you've
done that go back and you're going to go
here to sync contexts with Facebook
friends and okay it's already off here
but you definitely want to turn these
off and if you have that ability to like
remove previously sent contacts
definitely go and do that once you've
done all that we're going to go ahead
and back out and the next thing we're
going to do is click on account and the
big thing here is we want to make sure
that we have a personal account or
Creator account this is the default when
you create a Tik Tok account so if you
see here where it says switch to
business account do not touch that we do
not want a business account even if you
are a business owner like me you do not
want to use a business account you need
to use a personal account and the big
reason is because personal accounts are
able to use those trending commercial
sounds and that is going to be part of
our strategy it's going to be one of the
multiple content types that we are going
to use to grow and monetize our account
the one drawback is that that a business
account gets a link in their bio right
from the beginning whereas a personal
account you have to get to 1,000
contacts but here's the deal even if
you're trying to sell something you do
want that link in your bio but if you
don't have a th000 followers and don't
have that link anyway like you ain't
selling nothing so don't worry about it
let's focus on the growth and learning
how to get the followers how to get the
views and how to drive traffic to the
link and by the time you get to thousand
followers which you will very fast with
this video you are going to be able to
then sell stuff out of that link easily
so it's worth the wait to use that
personal account and learn how to grow
and put your focus there first the next
thing I would do if I was starting on
Tik Tok is I would just ignore the views
and focus on posting daily this is
important on so many levels and I think
one of the best things I did when I was
getting started is I just focused on
showing up and posting every single day
without fail no matter what it took I
just didn't care about my views at first
I mean like I cared about them I wanted
my videos to do well but I was way more
focused on just showing up posting a
video every single day and developing
that habit because becoming a content
creator is hard but when you develop
that habit of posting every single day
it becomes so much easier to grow and
those views will start to come naturally
and now that I know more about the Tik
Tok algorithm I realized that the
consistency of posting every single day
for a long period of time without
missing a single day actually helped me
get more views because the Tik Tok
algorithm was actually prioritizing my
videos over the videos of other creators
that were less consistent this is one of
the cool things about the Tik Tok
algorithm if you just show up and post
every single day you are going to be
rewarded with increased views just for
being a reliable Creator that's
contributing to the platform so make
sure that you're showing up every single
day day and don't worry about post times
either they do not matter just pick a
time that you're going to post every
single day and use it as an
accountability tool I like to post at
7:00 p.m. because that's when people are
sitting down for the evening on the
couch watching TV scrolling on their
phone and it created this incentive for
me to get my work done and record and
post earlier in the day that way I
didn't have to spend the evening when I
should be sitting down with my family
trying to catch up and get it done
little bonus tip there are two big
mindset shifts that you should adopt if
you want to be successful on Tik Tok and
make this a full-time thing because this
is what separates the Big Time creators
from the people that make it first you
need to make sure you're setting action
based goals instead of result based
goals and what this means is that it's
better to set goals like I'm going to
spend 10 to 15 minutes per day doing
content research every single day or I'm
going to post every single day instead
of how many views or followers you want
to get you want your goals to be focused
on the actions that are going to produce
the actual results because at the end of
the day the views and the followers are
somewhat out of your control all you can
do is judge yourself based on whether
you showed up and took the actions that
you needed to do to be successful and
it's going to be a heck of a lot better
for your mental health too because
you're not going to be writing emotional
roller coaster of views and followers so
create lots of videos learn as you go
and if you do that the views are going
to come and do not blame the algorithm
if you're views are low this is the
second and most important mindset shift
that you can make the algorithm is not
working against you you are not
shadowbanned in fact the algorithm is
doing everything it can to work in your
favor and show your videos to the people
that are most likely to watch them so
you can get that watch time and grow and
go viral instead of getting upset
because you made the same kind of video
as this other dude did and he got 10,000
views and you only got 200 views go
study his video try to figure out did
they have a better hook did they use
text on screen or story to keep people
engaged study your best videos and the
successful videos of other creators to
figure out what works so you can learn
and improve your content one last thing
here for the love of all that is good
and holy do not delete your videos even
if they have low views nobody is
scrolling through your page and judging
you for the videos that have low views
they don't care you are the only person
that cares that your video got 200 views
but when you delete your videos you are
shooting yourself in the foot not only
are you deleting data that's going to
help the Tik Tok algorithm figure out
what your content's about and who to
show it to that way you can get more
more views in the future but you're
going to start looking like a spammer
and that is going to negatively impact
your views the third thing I would do is
create a weekly routine y'all this one
is important you have to ask yourself
whether this is a hobby or you want to
do this thing for real and make sure
that your actions are reflecting your
goal if you want to do this thing then
do it right take it seriously and treat
it like a business there's two things
that I recommend you do first you need
to have a posting Cadence and I
recommend that you have a range for how
many videos you're going to post every
single day instead of saying I'm going
to post three times a day to grow as
fast as possible just commit to posting
at least once per day day and as many as
three times per day then you can post
more videos on the days that you have
the energy and you're feeling motivated
and on the days that you're just not
feeling it you don't want to do it you
can just post that one video and at
least you showed up and kept the streak
alive but on the days that you're
feeling motivated and you record
multiple videos I would strongly
consider saving a couple of them back
keeping them in the drafts for those
days when things happen or you just
don't have the time or you don't feel
like recording because then at least you
have something to post and you don't
have to like rush or put out something
that's not good or Worse not post
anything and kill that streak of
consistency that you've been working so
hard to build my second recommendation
is for those of you that want to level
up as a Creator and take more of a
business mindset and the way we do that
is by starting to batch similar tasks
together on theme days that way we can
be more efficient with our time the idea
here is to look at your calendar and
start blocking out time for different
tasks for example you might have a day
that you record all of your videos for
the week another day for uploading and
editing your content and another for
Content research and scripting your
videos now this kind of weekly content
routine may not be for everybody but if
you're like me and you thrive in
structure and knowing exactly what
you're going to do on a given day it's
worth trying out number four I would
have niched down way sooner if we go
back to when I started on Tik Tok I only
did it because I had clients that was
running paid advertising for and they
were wanting to build an audience with
Organic content so that way they had
that stream of traffic to sell their
coaching and their digital products as
well so I just started posting on Tik
Tok with no real plan just to figure out
the platform so what that meant was I
was just creating content about anything
and everything that I've learned about
online business and social media in the
10 years that I've been an online
business owner and I really didn't grow
as fast as I could have now I still grew
fast I went from 0 to 10,000 followers
in under 60 days but since then I've had
clients that have been able to grow way
faster because we've taken a more
focused approach so if I was starting
again the first thing I would do is
figure out what is it that I want to
sell and then I would build all of my
Tik Tok content around that I would take
my course or my coaching service and I
would start making all of my Tik Tok
content help my viewers with the same
things that my clients were struggling
with and that I help with inside of my
program and if you don't have a product
or service yet that's totally fine you
just need to start with this question
what do I want to be known for which is
really just saying what is the problem
that people are struggling with that you
are going to help them solve for me it's
Tik Tok so if somebody is at a
conference and they're sitting at the
bar talking about how they're struggling
to grow and make money off of Tik Tok
and one of my audience members are
sitting there they're going to say well
hey you need to go talk to Mike or at
least you need to watch his videos
because he can fix that for you so
figure out what it is that you want to
be known for and then after you've done
that figure out who is that person that
you're helping thinking about that ideal
viewer and what they need help with and
the questions that they're asking when
you're trying to develop video ideas is
not only going to make your videos way
more valuable but it's also going to
lead to a lot more views and growth and
then once you have all that figured out
you can create some content pillars
these are just three to four core topics
that you're going to talk about in every
single one of your videos to help your
audience for example my content pillars
are going to be how to grow and make
money on Tik Tok and then I'm going to
share my journey as I'm growing this
YouTube channel because I know that a
lot of my audience that's trying to grow
on Tik Tok wants to eventually create a
YouTube channel as well and then I'm
going to share how to create and sell
digital products because I know it's one
of the best ways to make a bunch of
money even if you have a small audience
and it can eventually lead to passive
income so decide on a couple of content
pillars and don't stress you can change
these later but it's going to make it so
much easier to come up with content
ideas and grow on Tik Tok number five
you need to do a mix of content there's
not a single right way to grow on Tik
Tok and you need to experiment with
different types of content and lengths
of videos to figure out what works best
for you and your audience here are the
three types of content that I would
focus on the first is Evergreen content
this is your searchable content it's the
stuff that doesn't rely on Trends or
trending sound sounds and it's going to
provide the most value to your audience
Evergreen content is the stuff that is
always going to be good you can batch a
bunch of videos and you could post them
a few days from now a few months from
now a year from now and it's still going
to help your audience out this video I'm
doing right now is a perfect example of
Evergreen content now this type of
content is usually going to be your
minute plus videos but you should also
be experimenting with 30 to 45 second
videos and the reason for this is
because not every video needs to be
monetizable there is still a lot of
value in shorter videos because they
might get better watch time and get a
bunch of views that brings a bunch of
new balls to your account creates
followers and creates people that are
more likely to watch your long videos so
you can earn that money similar to our
next type of content which I call viral
content these are going to be your
Trends and the best example are the 5 to
8C videos with text on screen that use
trending sounds I love these videos I do
they can provide a ton of value to your
audience they can motivate they can
Inspire they can educate and the best
part is they are stupid easy to make
there's nothing like throwing up a
random b-roll video from your phone
slapping some text on it putting it
trending sound and watching that thing
get tens of thousands of views not only
are these videos easy to make they are
the most likely ones to get the big
views when you are first starting out
your 1 minute plus educational content
is not going to get more than 200 to 500
views early on you have to learn that
skill you have to learn how to create
Hooks and retain viewers but your viral
content can help you get those initial
views and followers and start growing
your account while you're figuring out
what works in starting to study the
platform and they're going to make it
easier for you to stay consistent early
on finally we have depth content and
these videos are all about building a
relationship with your audience letting
them get to know you so that way they
like you and want to watch all of your
videos now this type of content will not
get as many views but that's okay
because it's going to create fans that
watch 100% of every single video you
post and that's going to mean a lot more
views in the future examples of depth
content are going to be when you just
kind of spontaneously turn on the camera
and you tell a story uh something that
happened in your day you share a little
bit behind the scenes or you inspire and
motivate your audience to take action
the other typ of content that I almost
forgot to mention is going to be video
this is when you produce a horizontal
video that's over a minute long and
what's cool about it is that Tik Tok is
actually going to boost your views they
no kidding have a feature called video
views booster that only applies to these
horizontal or landscape videos that are
over a minute long and there's a lot
that goes into this so just watch this
video if you want all the nitty-gritty
details the important thing that I want
to leave you with here is that you need
to be creating a mix of all these
content types and video lengths and you
need to do it with the full knowledge
and understanding that not every video
will go viral and that's okay each of
these different of content serves a
specific purpose and we need to keep
that in mind and set our expectations
accordingly when it comes to views your
Evergreen indepth content are not going
to get the views when you're first
starting out but it's important that you
do them anyway and eventually those
longer Evergreen videos are going to
pick up steam and will be able to go
viral and that's when you're really
going to be able to cash in on the Tik
Tok Creator Rewards program now that you
know all of this your next step is to
watch this video about how to grow on
Tik Tok it's basically a free
step-by-step 30 minute course on how to
grow as quickly as possible